Development priorities

1) The first is to refactor the assignment module into a
    class-based structure that allows new assignment types
    to be plugged in.  (Some similar work is already starting
    with quiz questions and resources).  This is easiest to
    do now while assignment is still fairly small, and will allow
    a lot of growth and assignment variants in the future.

    The idea is that new plugins like Exercise should just be
    dropped into mod/assignment/types/exercise and will then
    appear as a new type in the assignment menu.

    Each directory contains a subclass of a main class file
    (eg mod/assignments/types/types.php) which define a number
    of functions used in various places within the assignment
    interface.


2) The second thing is to make this module more scalable for
    teachers (ie on the grading screen).

    The format I'm thinking of is something like this (you may
    have some ideas also).  It's meant to still allow the quick
    run down the page technique we have now (but even quicker) while
    also allowing for detailed feedback.  Imagine a long table with
    lines like this:

    Student name   {Info}  [grade]   [short comment field...]   {More}

    The {Info} could be a filename, or a link to a popup that shows a full
    assignment, or something else defined by the plugin.

    The {More} is a button that creates a popup window containing
    longer feedback, again defined by the plugin.  There would usually be
    the grade menu (or text field), a large textarea, an upload button,
    etc ...


3) Online assignments.  This is just like the Journal module except
    Teachers can also edit the assignment and perhaps ask them to
    revise and resubmit.  Versions of pages are kept, like the Wiki,
    but there's only one page.  All in the HTML editor.  This should
    be trivial to implement once the above framework exists.

    This will also allow me to get rid of the current Journal module
    which duplicates  alot of assignment code (but not well).

