Ad-hoc database queries

This report plugin allows Administrators to set up arbitrary database queries
to act as ad-hoc reports. Reports can run as follows:

Manual: Run a query on demand,
Scheduled: queries that are scheduled to run automatically (monthly, weekly, daily).

Other users with the right capability can go in and see a list of queries that
they have access to. Results can be viewed on-screen or downloaded as CSV.

User interface contains the following form elements
----------------------------------------------------

01) 'Query name' (text): The name of the query.

02) 'Description' (HTML editor): The description of the query.

03) 'Query SQL' (text): The sql query text (with or without parameter.

04) 'Verify the Query SQL text and update the form' (button): refresh button for
submitting the form and displaying the parameter names which are labelled with
parameter-names (text),

05) 'Notes': some text about place holders (Reports can contain placeholders,
in which case, the user running the report is presented a form where they
can enter the values to substitute for the placeholders when the report is run).
If a placeholder_name starts or ends with the four characters 'date' then a
date-time selector will be used to input that placeholder value, otherwise a
plain text input box will be used.

06) 'Who can access this query' (select menu): access level options

07) 'Limit rows returned' set the maximum number of rows this query may return.
Useful if you want a query to return the top 10 somethings. Note that you cannot
increase this beyond the hard limit of 5000 for any query, which is the default.

08) 'Run' (select menu): whether run the query on-demand or scheduled (Daily, weekly, Monthly)

09 'at' (select menu): full hour on the day

10) 'Type of result' (checkbox): 'The query returns one row, accumulate the results one row at a time'
checked/unchecked.

11) 'Automatically email to' (text): a comma separated list of user names. When enabled,
and email system is setup, sends email to the each user in the list.

12) 'What to email' (select menu): options that are pout into the email body.

13) 'Category' (select menu): Each query is assigned to a category, which is used
to group the display of the query list.


Conditions
----------
When Query SQL text {03) contains parameters, the query runs only on demond and
08, 09, 10 and 11 are disabled.

'at' (08) is enabled only when , Run (07) is set to 'Daily'.


Output
------

When the table is displayed, any value that looks like a URL is displayed as a link.

If a column has a name ending with the four characters 'date', and contains an
integer value, then that is assumed to be a unix time-stamp, and formatted nicely.
